Rewriting of the end of install procedures of Dashing/Eloquent/Foxy/Rolling (#845)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Installation/Dashing/Linux-Install-Binary.rst

This verifies both the C++ and Python APIs are working properly.
Hooray!

See the `tutorials and demos </Tutorials>` for other things to try.

Using the ROS 1 bridge
----------------------

If you have ROS 1 installed, you can try the ROS 1 bridge, by first sourcing your ROS 1 setup file.
We'll assume that it is ``/opt/ros/melodic/setup.bash`` in the following.

If you haven't already, start a roscore:

.. code-block:: bash

   . /opt/ros/melodic/setup.bash
   roscore

In another terminal, start the bridge:

.. code-block:: bash

   . /opt/ros/melodic/setup.bash
   . ~/ros2_dashing/ros2-linux/setup.bash
   ros2 run ros1_bridge dynamic_bridge

For more information on the bridge, read the `tutorial <https://github.com/ros2/ros1_bridge/blob/master/README.md>`__.

Build your own packages
-----------------------

> If you would like to build your own packages, refer to the tutorial `"Using Colcon to build packages" </Tutorials/Colcon-Tutorial>`.

Reviewer: While I agree with your statement that beginners probably won't be using the bridge, these instructions aren't only for beginners.  My suggestion here is to make a separate page which is `Using the ROS 1 bridge`, with the contents from this section.  Then just have one sentence here which says something like "If you need to use the ROS 1 bridge, see instructions at <Using ths ROS 1 Bridge>".

The same goes for all of the sections below which do this.

Reviewer: > There is already a page associated to the bridge in Tutorials, it's named [Bridge communication between ROS 1 and ROS 2](https://github.com/ros2/ros1_bridge/blob/master/README.md) and points to github. I think the information I deleted are already present there, and if not I think they should go there instead. We might make a copy of the README.md from github instead of making a link, but I wouldn't go for a new page.

I think just linking to https://github.com/ros2/ros1_bridge/blob/master/README.md is fine.

I do think having a separate section here is worthwhile.  The bridge is a big enough piece of infrastructure that I think it deserves its own section.  So my suggestion is that we replace the bridge section with this:

```
Using the ROS 1 bridge
----------------------
The ROS 1 bridge can connect topics from ROS 1 to ROS 2 and vice-versa.  See the dedicated [documentation](https://github.com/ros2/ros1_bridge/blob/master/README.md) on how to build and use the ROS 1 bridge.
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/ros2/ros2_documentation/pull/845/commits/2cd9af7a65b903fcdd807a83a9a98ffc6e8e80b3

Author: fixed the links syntax in https://github.com/ros2/ros2_documentation/pull/845/commits/1e296ce15957edec2d323687d3fdbb7e106131b0 + dropped early notes about building the bridge in https://github.com/ros2/ros2_documentation/pull/845/commits/f07057bac05d2e5c26961c988df796576437d6de

> Go on with the `tutorials and demos </Tutorials>` to pursue the configuration of your environment, create your own workspace and packages, and learn ROS 2 core concepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continue with the `tutorials and demos </Tutorials>` to configure of your environment, create your own workspace and packages, and learn ROS 2 core concepts.
```

(this same comment applies to all of the other sentences below as well).
